Hi, this is Craig Golightly, and welcome to Using Swagger in Your Project.
It's time to dive into the details of how to add
Springfox to your Spring Data REST project.
Let's go through the dependencies and setup,
then switch to our IDE for a code demo.
Next,
we'll look at some options to customize API‑level attributes that show up
in the Swagger UI and go back to our project to make those changes in code
and see how it looks in a running application.
To start out with, you'll need to add a few dependencies to your POM.
These libraries will generate the Swagger doc, work with Spring Data REST to
pick up all of the autogenerated endpoints, and provide the Swagger UI where you
can actually see the documentation and interact with your API. Note that you'll
also need to add a repository to pick up the snapshot version of Springfox. At
the time of recording, the latest release version has some bugs that don't work
with Spring Data REST, so that's why we're using the snapshot version.
Next,
you'll need to add a class with the Configuration and
EnableSwagger2WebMvc annotations, as well as an import of
the SpringDataRestConfiguration.class.
The class itself can be called whatever you want, as well as the method,
but it needs to have the @Bean annotation. In the method,
you'll create and return a Docket object.
The Docket is where you can make several
modifications to what shows up in Swagger. For now, we'll just use the defaults.